[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
thriller film the door
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
david is a successful painter he lives
in a small town with his attractive wife
and a cute daughter
however he is sick of a peaceful but
boring life
to calm down his boiling hormones david
maintains a secret romance with the
single but horny neighbor
one day david leaves his daughter alone
hunting butterflies
he then goes to find the neighbor for a
hormone cure
but when he comes back he finds his
daughter has drowned in the swimming
pool
for her shoelaces were stuck to a filter
at the bottom david blames himself a lot
but it's too late because of that his
wife divorces him and moves away
causing him to fall into great sorrow
and depression
five years later david is unable to let
go of the past
he can't forget his daughter and is
still in love with his ex-wife
who has moved in with another man but
still blames david for the daughter's
death
he visited many times to get her
forgiveness but to no avail
one night david comes over again but is
kicked out once again
having decided to end his life david
leaves his ex-wife a message
then jumps into the swimming pool that
claimed his daughter's life
luckily he has been saved by his best
friend who has received a phone call
from his ex-wife after she saw his
message
after he's being safe however david
still wants to end his miserable life
he sneaks out from his friend's house
it's a cold winter night
david walks on the icy streets in
despair he loses his footings
and happens to see a frozen butterfly on
the road david carefully holds the
butterfly in his hands
surprisingly the butterfly comes alive
and flies into the sky
it seems the butterfly has been waiting
for him david follows the butterfly to a
door deep in the woods
there is a strange dark tunnel behind
the door david walks to the other side
of that door
and finds himself brought to the summer
time all of a sudden
what's more walking through the familiar
community he even sees another self
who is sneaking to his hormone partner's
house
though a bit confused david soon
realizes he has traveled to another
space
in which he realizes that he's set right
on the day when his daughter
died so he rushes to the swimming pool
and finally saves his daughter's life
david takes his daughter home and looks
at her angelic face
he is so happy to bring his little girl
back just as he's about to leave
the telephone rings when he returns to
answer the phone
the past day that comes back but is
mistaken as a thief
after a fierce fight david kills the
past self by accident
he is in a panic because he didn't
expect to kill anybody
his daughter hears the noise and wants
to come inside for a check
david scrambles to hide the dead body
from her and chews her away
a scary idea suddenly comes up to him he
wants to take the opportunity to restart
his life david cleans up the bloody
floor
and then buries the body in the yard
before taking a shower to clean up
himself
minutes later his past wife comes back
she notices a slight difference
but can't tell it david behaves
carefully to avoid giving himself away
however when his daughter shouts to
resist him his efforts fail because she
actually saw the murder
and assume that this man was not her
true father
david rushes to find some explanation
for that not too bad
his past wife doesn't take it seriously
one day david can't find his mobile
phone
his wife tries to help but he sends her
away immediately
because he soon realizes the phone might
have been left in his past self he then
digs the body out in the yard
but finds nothing the next day his wife
calls the phone
but finds a woman answering it he then
notices that the phone was left in his
hormone neighbors
explaining that the phone may have been
picked up by some stranger
he then takes the excuse to go out but
actually visits the neighbor to collect
his phone
there he tries to end the hormone
relationship with the neighbor girl
unfortunately when he is about to leave
that house he has been seen by his best
friend
who believes that david must have been
cheating on his wife
so he invites david out for a drink and
tries to persuade him to stop
david explains to his friend that he
comes from the future world
and wants to make up the mistake he made
five years ago
driven by the alcohol he goes further to
tell the friend
he killed the past self and buried the
body in the yard
however his friend only treats his
smelly [ __ ] as a joke
trying to convince his friend david
tells him he will be a famous painter
and have two children in five years
david even tells the names of his future
kids
his friend feels shocked by that but
still can't believe what he says
david returns to his family and tries to
be a good father and husband
but his daughter still rejects him david
patiently explains that her previous
father has gone
as he didn't take good care of her so
here comes the new father to take over
the responsibilities
touched by that his daughter gradually
accepts her new father
his relationship with his past wife also
becomes better
it seems david's life has been back on
track
it's david's birthday on a weekend his
past wife invites some close friends to
celebrate
during the party david's friend is
watching david's daughter drawing
he's shocked because she paints a man
killing another self
realizing that david was not
bullshitting in the bar he then rushes
out to the yard
david notices something strange and
breaks out in a cold sweat
but only to find the buried body has
been discovered by his friend
who is frightened to discover what david
had done david hurries up to explain
but he won't even listen because he has
considered david
a horrible murderer they have a fierce
quarrel and fight
right at that time it's raining cats and
dogs nobody in the room notices what's
happening outside
at that moment much to david's shock the
greasy
half bald neighbor shows up and kills
the friend with a hoe suddenly
david is scared out of his [ __ ] uncle
greasy tells him to brace up if he wants
to keep his own secret
david has no other way but to bury his
friend's body in the woods david is
eager to figure out why
uncle greasy kills his friend much to
his surprise
uncle gracie also comes from the future
world where he gets bankruptcy and is
sentenced to jail
to avoid being sent to prison he's going
to commit a suicide
on the way to his relatives however he
happened to discover the time tunnel
and traveled back here he killed his
past self
in order to stay in the past world and
by use of his future memory
he won a large amount of money by
lottery
uncle greasy tells david that many
people in the town are time travelers
who suffer in the future and choose to
restart their life here
by killing the past selves to keep the
secret all those who know the truth must
die
that's the reason why uncle greasy must
kill david's friend
david is astonished to hear that this
world is definitely getting mad and
taken over by nuts
one night david quietly takes his family
to the door
hoping to send them to the future world
he leads his past wife and daughter to
pass through the tunnel
however he loses them halfway david
returns to seek for them
but only to see uncle greasy standing in
front of the door
uncle greasy threatens him to keep the
secret or he would kill him and his
family
without any other choice david agrees
and goes back home as if nothing
happened
when he wakes up the next morning his
past wife wonders why he took them to
that cave
david says he was drunk and muddles
through her question
meanwhile the hormone neighbor takes her
daughter to visit david's
she invites david's daughter over to
play just seconds after they leave
david's past wife sees the neighbor and
her husband showing up on the other side
of the street
but in a totally different dress
confused she follows the neighbor to her
house
and is horrified to witness as the
latter appearing couple
kill themselves in the kitchen she
rushes home with the two little girls
and calls the police to tell what she
saw the police come in minutes
but they don't even believe her story at
that time
david comes back he soon learns about
everything
but dare not tell the truth he calms his
wife down
then sends the neighbor girl back to her
parents
one day david receives a phone call from
an unexpected guest
his ex-wife he also travels here from
the future world
they meet at uncle greasy's house later
the ex-wife tells david she wants to
kill the
past self and start a new life with
david and their daughter
david notices that things are getting
out of control so he pretends to agree
with her
and proposes to kill the past wife by
himself on his way back
david notices some neighbors are staring
at his house with an evil look
sensing the danger he knows he can't
wait any longer
after arriving home he tells all the
truth to his past wife
and pleads with her to take their
daughter to the future world
pretty shocked though his past wife
still chooses to follow his plan
dave drives out alone to distract others
away trying to fight for time for his
past wife and their daughter to escape
on the way to the tunnel david's two
wives come across
each other a very urgent moment the
future wife is soft-hearted and sets
them free
uncle greasy discovers the running
mother and daughter and turns his gun to
them
to protect them david immediately drives
to hit uncle greasy
after his past wife and daughter pass
through the tunnel david drives to bump
against the door
causing it to collapse and cutting off
the connection between the two spaces
in the end david stays with his future
wife in the world without their daughter
everything seems to be back to the
origin but they both feel relieved after
all of this
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out